Group mentions doc: update sections where user mentions are documented to add groups (#2655)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/ready-made-features/comments/users-and-mentions.mdx

meta:
  title: "Users and mentions"
  parentTitle: "Comments"
  description: "Add users and groups to comments and mentions"
---

> When a comment is posted, Liveblocks doesn't store any user or group metadata,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a comment is posted, Liveblocks doesn’t store any user or group metadata,
```

for example their avatar or name. Instead, it only saves their user ID or group

> ID, which you manually set when authenticating. To fetch user and group

Reviewer 2: Group IDs aren't set during authentication

}
```

## Adding group information to Comments

Similar to users, group information is retrieved from a list of group IDs. You
should return the same number of groups as the number of group IDs, in the same
order.

```shell
# If this is `groupIds`
["engineering", "design"]

# Return `groups`
[{ name: "Engineering", avatar: "https://example.com/engineering.png" }, { name: "Design", avatar: "https://example.com/design.png" }]
```

> In your Liveblocks config file, you'll find a function named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Liveblocks config file, you’ll find a function named
```

[`resolveGroupsInfo`](/docs/api-reference/liveblocks-client#resolveGroupsInfo)
where you can return this information.

```ts file="liveblocks.config.ts"
// ...

const client = createClient({
  // ...
  async resolveGroupsInfo({ groupIds }) {
    // ["engineering", ...]
    console.log(groupIds);

    // Get groups from your back end
    const groups = await __fetchGroups__(groupIds);

    // [{ name: "Engineering", avatar: "https://example.com/engineering.png" }, ...]
    console.log(groups);

    // Return a list of groups
    return groups;
  },
});
```

> The `name` and `avatar` are required for the default components, but you can

Reviewer 2: They're not strictly required, if you don't pass `name` the group ID will be displayed and `avatar` is optional too. They're handled by the default components but they're not forced
